So what we want to do now is handle the callback portion where
the Oracle has been given the task of fetching the flight status,
and now it has to obtain that information and submit it back to
the smart contract which then has to aggregate the information and
make a decision about what to do with that.
Now in the case here,
what we are going to do is do a simple count of all the values that are coming in.
Once any value, whatever that might be,
crosses the threshold that we have set for minimum number of responses,
which if you recollect was three,
then that is considered a valid value.
Now, there might be many things wrong with that in that from a logical perspective.
You may want to validate that information, etc.
But for the purpose of this exercise,
we are going to keep it simple and say when the information comes back,
we just take the majority and say that's the one that's good and go with that.
So what you're going to do is in the submitOracleresponse function,
which we'll take a look at momentarily,
you're going to add code to prevent further Oracle responses from
being recorded using the isOpen a property.
Once the threshold is reached,
you want to announce to listening applications that are
response to a request has been received,
and is available, and has been verified.
You also want to announce to listening applications while
individual Oracle responses are coming in even if they have not been verified.
So that's right here.
Now, the first thing that this particular function
is doing is it's checking to make sure that
the Oracle that's calling in has the index that is part of this task.
So if it does not,
then it's going to be rejected.
The idea here is if you are not a valid candidate for doing this task,
no further processing is needed.
So here, you'll want to require that the request is still open,
you'll want to generate a key that will be used, and then finally,
you want to go ahead and update the code to
emit the event about the five status being available